Back to the code we worked on before.
Bind is a really useful function or method to be precise which you will use quite often as a Javascript
developer to prepare your to-be-called functions which you don't call yourselves.
Now, there are similar functions which you often find when you research the bind method and that is
the call and the apply method.
Now essentially, they also allow you to specify what should be passed in as parameters but they also
immediately execute the function and that's of course not what bind does, this prepares the function.
Apply and call immediately execute the function and there also is a difference between apply and call
but since also this part with immediate the executing a function isn't really helpful to us right
now because we can always call a function like this if we want to immediately execute it, we'll ignore
apply and call for now and dive into them later when we actually understand what their use is, there's
not much sense in doing this right now.
Just wanted to already throw their names in there so that you are aware of them
if you research on your own and you stumble over them. Bind is really useful for us right now and of
the three, the one which you will use the most often because being able to prepare functions is really
really valuable.